[Music]
what are bonds,
to increase capital, companies often
decide to raise money
by listing on the stock exchange and selling shares,
shares are not the only means available to them,
another instrument that
is used to raise funds
are bonds,
bonds  they are debt securities
for the person who puts them and
credit for those who buy them when
I buy a bond I lend money in
exchange for a security which at the end of the
pre-established period guarantees the
repayment of the capital lent
to the issuer plus interest on that
sum  bonds issued by companies
are called corporate bonds
while those issued by a state are
called government bonds and form the
so-called public debt or
sovereign debt but how a debt works
the company that issues a bond
undertakes to repay the creditor both with
the  borrowed money which with
interest represents the
opportunity cost of the money invested
from the point of view of those who buy
the bond lending money to a
company through a debt security
represents an investment with
fixed or variable returns and interests
usually investors  they receive
interest in the form of coupons every 3 6
or 12 months depending on the security and until
their maturity
in other cases instead the interests
are paid together with the capital
at the end of the pre-established period
risk the interests of the bonds
are established from the start therefore
the  the only risk if I wait for the deadline is
that the debt is not repaid when
a state or a company is unable to
repay its debts
it is said to go into default the
bonds towards less solid companies
are obviously riskier but not
higher interests and therefore a
higher yield than those
issued by safer debtors given the
greater risk of insolvency, those who sell
the bonds must be willing to
pay more interest to convince
investors and lend them money
which is why a company in difficulty
will issue bonds that pay
higher interest  compared to those
promised by the bonds of
a healthy company,
for example, Italian treasury bonds
are considered riskier than
German bunds but the former yield more
than the latter in finance to
indicate the difference in return between
two investments with the same
risk yes  uses the term spread or
differential in recent years after the
great European economic crisis
the term spread is mainly
used to indicate the difference in
yield between the bond issued by
a sovereign country belonging
to the eurozone and the German bund, the real
market reference point  for a
country it is not a good sign when the
interest on its government bonds
rises too much because it
becomes more and more expensive for the state and to get into debt
and the public debt increases rapidly
market
the bonds can expire after a
few months or after tens of years but not
you necessarily have to wait for
their maturity to receive the money
an alternative is to sell
the bond to someone else before the
established time
these transactions take place in the
secondary bond market which is a
computer platform on which
people and companies buy and sell
securities  debt securities already placed the price
of these bonds is established
by the supply and demand ratio on the market
let's take an example I buy
corporate bonds with a maturity of
10 years if after three years the company
you placed these bonds has
become more risky in case
you wanted  to sell them I would have to settle for
a lower price than that of
three years before,
on the contrary if I buy the
bonds of a company in crisis and
after three years the company has become more
solid
I could resell them at a higher price than
the yield of a company  bond
traded on the secondary market is
inversely proportional to its price.
Let's assume that we have purchased the
Accent bond with a yield of 3 percent.
If over the years the company goes
into crisis the price will drop
to 80 for example. Those who buy will receive higher interest
because  the issuer pays 3
percent on 100 but whoever buys it has paid
80 for the security so he will take home an
effective coupon yield of 3.75
percent
the price goes down the yield goes up but
not only that whoever buys the security
will keep it until  maturity will also collect
one hundred minus 80 divided by 80 the 25 percent
price return on the invested amount
what is the difference between a stock and
a bond when I buy
shares of a company
the expected profit is proportional
to its performance and in the case of
bankruptcy
the risk is to lose all the
invested capital however when I buy
bonds I do not become a member
of the company but I am a creditor if
I decide to keep the bond
until its maturity
the profit and the
interest percentage will be the same as pre-
established at the time  of the purchase
regardless of
company performance in the event that the company goes
into default because it is no longer able to
pay the debt
the first to be repaid are the
holders of the so-called
senior bonds, the senior bonds are in
fact the safest followed by the subordinated ones
However, those who have a much higher risk rate
to summarize in the event
that a listed company goes into default
the shareholders will lose the entire value
of their shares
while those who hold bonds will have the
possibility of being repaid at least in
part by
summarizing the companies to finance themselves
they can sell shares they can get into
debt in addition to
using bank loans they can
issue bonds or debt securities
whoever buys the bonds will be
repaid with interest even the
bonds during their life
vary in price like shares if
we wait for the maturity the greatest
difference  between those who purchase shares and
bonds and that in the second case the
risk is limited to a possible
corporate bankruptcy,
all clear, well, see you next
episode
[Music]